[DOCS-10352] Update OP Microsoft Sentinel shortcodes (#28790)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/destination_env_vars/microsoft_sentinel.md

- Data collection endpoint (DCE)

> 	- After you have created the Data Collection Rule (DCR), the DCE endpoint URL is on the overview page, shown as the **Logs Ingestion Endpoint** or **Data Collection Endpoint**. An example URL: `https://<DCE-ID>.ingest.monitor.azure.com/dataCollectionRules/<DCR-Immutable-ID>/streams/<Stream-Name>?api-version=2023-01-01`.

Author: ```suggestion
	- After you create the Data Collection Rule (DCR), the DCE endpoint URL is shown as the **Logs Ingestion Endpoint** or **Data Collection Endpoint** on the DCR overview page. An example URL: `https://<DCE-ID>.ingest.monitor.azure.com/dataCollectionRules/<DCR-Immutable-ID>/streams/<Stream-Name>?api-version=2023-01-01`.
```
